[DTM] Localization feature pre-requiste update (#961)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/dtm/localization.md

  To add a new translation, click **Add term** on the top menu bar. In the resulting dialog box, add the name of the key, followed by the translation in the respective field.

>   Note that to use this feature, your tenant must have **public-options** application installed."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Note that to use this feature, your tenant must have the Public-options application installed."
```

---

{{< c8y-admon-req >}}
* Your user must have a role with READ permission for the permission type "Application management". See [Administration > Managing permissions](/users-guide/administration/#managing-permissions) in the *User guide*.

> * Your tenant must have **public-options** application installed. Localization feature uses dynamically fetched application options. See [Application Configuration > Application options](/web/application-configuration/#application-options) in the *Web SDK guide* to know more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Your tenant must have the Public-options application installed. The localization feature uses dynamically fetched application options. See [Application Configuration > Application options](/web/application-configuration/#application-options) in the *Web SDK guide* for more information.
```

{{< /c8y-admon-req >}}

> ### To use Localization feature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### To use the localization feature
```

> To use Localization feature, your tenant must have **public-options** application installed. You can manually install the **public-options** application or use a workaround of applying branding setting which installs the **public-options** application behind the scenes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the localization feature, your tenant must have the Public-options application installed. Install the Public-options application manually or use a workaround of applying the branding setting which installs the Public-options application behind the scenes.
```

> To manually install the **public-options** application, see [Branding and language customization](/web/application-configuration/#branding-and-languages) in the *Web SDK guide*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To manually install the Public-options application, see [Branding and language customization](/web/application-configuration/#branding-and-languages) in the *Web SDK guide*.
```

> #### To apply branding setting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### To apply the branding setting
```

> To apply branding setting, you must first subscribe to [Branding feature](/users-guide/enterprise-tenant/#branding) in the [Enterprise tenant](/users-guide/enterprise-tenant/#overview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To apply the branding setting, you must first subscribe to the [Branding feature](/users-guide/enterprise-tenant/#branding) in the [Enterprise tenant](/users-guide/enterprise-tenant/#overview).
```

> Complete the setup in Administration application following the steps below: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Complete the setup in the Administration application following the steps below: 
```

> 1. Navigate to **Settings > Branding**, click **Apply**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to **Settings > Branding**.
2. Click **Apply**. 
```

> 2. Verify that **public-options** application is present in **Ecosystem > Applications**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Navigate to **Ecosystem > Applications** to verify that the Public-options application is installed correctly.
```

{{<c8y-admon-info>}}

> Your user must have administrator access to the tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must have administrator access to the tenant to install the Public-options application .
```

{{</c8y-admon-info>}}

<a name=""></a>
### Localization

> To reach **Localization** page, navigate to **Configuration > Localization**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To open the **Localization** page, navigate to **Configuration > Localization**.
```

  To add a new translation, click **Add term** on the top menu bar. In the resulting dialog box, add the name of the key, followed by the translation in the respective field.

  Note that to use this feature, your tenant must have the Public-options application installed."
---

{{< c8y-admon-req >}}
* Your user must have a role with READ permission for the permission type "Application management". See [Administration > Managing permissions](/users-guide/administration/#managing-permissions) in the *User guide*.

> * Your tenant must have the Public-options application installed. The localization feature uses dynamically fetched application options. See [Application Configuration > Application options](/web/application-configuration/#application-options) in the *Web SDK guide* for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Your tenant must have the Public-options application installed, see details below.
```

{{< /c8y-admon-req >}}

### To use the localization feature

> To use the localization feature, your tenant must have the Public-options application installed. Install the Public-options application manually or use a workaround of applying the branding setting which installs the Public-options application behind the scenes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since the localization feature uses dynamically fetched application options, your tenant must have the Public-options application installed. Install the Public-options application manually or, as a workaround, apply the branding setting which installs the Public-options application behind the scenes.
```

> To manually install the Public-options application, see [Branding and language customization](/web/application-configuration/#branding-and-languages) in the *Web SDK guide*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For details on how to manually install the Public-options application, see [Branding and language customization](/web/application-configuration/#branding-and-languages) in the *Web SDK guide*.
```

#### To apply the branding setting
To apply the branding setting, you must first subscribe to the [Branding feature](/users-guide/enterprise-tenant/#branding) in the [Enterprise tenant](/users-guide/enterprise-tenant/#overview).

Complete the setup in the Administration application following the steps below: 

1. Navigate to **Settings > Branding**.
2. Click **Apply**. 
3. Navigate to **Ecosystem > Applications** to verify that the Public-options application is installed correctly.

{{<c8y-admon-info>}}

> You must have administrator access to the tenant to install the Public-options application .

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You must have administrator access to the tenant to install the Public-options application.
```
